{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Consolas;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;\red102\green14\blue122;\red128\green128\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Sign up layout:\par

\pard\box\brdrdash\brdrw0 \cbpat7\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\i\f1\fs20 <?\cf2\b\i0 xml version\cf3 ="1.0" \cf2 encoding\cf3 ="utf-8"\cf1\b0\i ?>\line\i0 <\cf4\b LinearLayout \cf2 xmlns:\cf5 android\cf3 ="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"\line     \cf2 xmlns:\cf5 app\cf3 ="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res-auto"\line     \cf2 xmlns:\cf5 tools\cf3 ="http://schemas.android.com/tools"\line     \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_width\cf3 ="match_parent"\line     \cf5 android\cf2 :orientation\cf3 ="vertical"\line     \cf5 android\cf2 :background\cf3 ="@color/colorPrimaryDark"\line     \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_height\cf3 ="match_parent"\line     \cf5 tools\cf2 :context\cf3 =".MainActivity"\line     \cf5 android\cf2 :gravity\cf3 ="center"\cf1\b0 >\line\line     <\cf4\b TextView\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_width\cf3 ="match_parent"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_height\cf3 ="wrap_content"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :text\cf3 ="Disaster Managment System"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :textSize\cf3 ="40dp"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :textColor\cf3 ="@color/colorAccent"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :gravity\cf3 ="center"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_marginTop\cf3 ="10dp"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_marginLeft\cf3 ="10dp"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_marginRight\cf3 ="10dp"\line          \cf1\b0 />\line     <\cf4\b TextView\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_width\cf3 ="wrap_content"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_height\cf3 ="wrap_content"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :text\cf3 ="Create Account"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :textSize\cf3 ="20dp"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :textColor\cf3 ="@color/colorAccent "\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :gravity\cf3 ="center"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_marginTop\cf3 ="20dp"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_marginLeft\cf3 ="10dp"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_marginRight\cf3 ="10dp"\line         \cf1\b0 />\line     <\cf4\b EditText\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :id\cf3 ="@+id/edEmail"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_width\cf3 ="match_parent"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_height\cf3 ="40dp"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :hint\cf3 ="Enter your email"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :gravity\cf3 ="center"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :background\cf3 ="#fff"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_marginTop\cf3 ="20dp"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_marginLeft\cf3 ="10dp"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_marginRight\cf3 ="10dp"\line         \cf1\b0 />\line     <\cf4\b EditText\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :id\cf3 ="@+id/edPassword"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_width\cf3 ="match_parent"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_height\cf3 ="40dp"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :hint\cf3 ="Enter Password"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :gravity\cf3 ="center"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :inputType\cf3 ="textPassword"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_marginTop\cf3 ="20dp"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_marginLeft\cf3 ="10dp"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_marginRight\cf3 ="10dp"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :background\cf3 ="#fff"\line         \cf1\b0 />\line     <\cf4\b Button\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :id\cf3 ="@+id/btSign"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_width\cf3 ="match_parent"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_height\cf3 ="wrap_content"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :text\cf3 ="Sign Up"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_marginTop\cf3 ="20dp"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_marginLeft\cf3 ="60dp"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_marginRight\cf3 ="60dp"\line\line         \cf1\b0 />\line     <\cf4\b Button\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :id\cf3 ="@+id/btLog"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_width\cf3 ="match_parent"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_height\cf3 ="wrap_content"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :text\cf3 ="Already sign up, log in here"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_marginTop\cf3 ="20dp"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_marginLeft\cf3 ="40dp"\line         \cf5 android\cf2 :layout_marginRight\cf3 ="40dp"\line\line         \cf1\b0 />\line\line </\cf4\b LinearLayout\cf1\b0 >\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
Signup java class:\par

\pard\box\brdrdash\brdrw0 \cbpat7\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf4\b\f1\fs20 package \cf1\b0 com.example.dms;\line\line\cf4\b import \cf1\b0 androidx.annotation.\cf6 NonNull\cf1 ;\line\cf4\b import \cf1\b0 androidx.appcompat.app.AppCompatActivity;\line\line\cf4\b import \cf1\b0 android.content.Intent;\line\cf4\b import \cf1\b0 android.os.Bundle;\line\cf4\b import \cf1\b0 android.view.View;\line\cf4\b import \cf1\b0 android.widget.Button;\line\cf4\b import \cf1\b0 android.widget.EditText;\line\cf4\b import \cf1\b0 android.widget.Toast;\line\line\cf4\b import \cf1\b0 com.google.android.gms.tasks.OnCompleteListener;\line\cf4\b import \cf1\b0 com.google.android.gms.tasks.Task;\line\cf4\b import \cf1\b0 com.google.firebase.auth.AuthResult;\line\cf4\b import \cf1\b0 com.google.firebase.auth.FirebaseAuth;\line\line\cf4\b public class \cf1\b0 MainActivity \cf4\b extends \cf1\b0 AppCompatActivity \{\line\line     EditText \cf5\b edEmail\cf1\b0 ,\cf5\b edPassword\cf1\b0 ;\line     Button \cf5\b btSign\cf1\b0 ,\cf5\b btLog\cf1\b0 ;\line     \cf4\b private \cf1\b0 FirebaseAuth \cf5\b firebaseAuth\cf1\b0 ;\line\line     \cf6 @Override\line     \cf4\b protected void \cf1\b0 onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) \{\line         \cf4\b super\cf1\b0 .onCreate(savedInstanceState);\line         setContentView(R.layout.\cf5\b\i activity_main\cf1\b0\i0 );\line         \cf5\b edEmail\cf1\b0 =findViewById(R.id.\cf5\b\i edEmail\cf1\b0\i0 );\line         \cf5\b edPassword\cf1\b0 =findViewById(R.id.\cf5\b\i edPassword\cf1\b0\i0 );\line         \cf5\b btSign\cf1\b0 =findViewById(R.id.\cf5\b\i btSign\cf1\b0\i0 );\line         \cf5\b btLog\cf1\b0 =findViewById(R.id.\cf5\b\i btLog\cf1\b0\i0 );\line\line         \cf5\b btLog\cf1\b0 .setOnClickListener(\cf4\b new \cf1\b0 View.OnClickListener() \{\line             \cf6 @Override\line             \cf4\b public void \cf1\b0 onClick(View view) \{\line                 startActivity(\cf4\b new \cf1\b0 Intent(MainActivity.\cf4\b this\cf1\b0 ,Login.\cf4\b class\cf1\b0 ));\line             \}\line         \});\line\line\line         \cf5\b btSign\cf1\b0 .setOnClickListener(\cf4\b new \cf1\b0 View.OnClickListener() \{\line             \cf6 @Override\line             \cf4\b public void \cf1\b0 onClick(View view) \{\line                 String email=\cf5\b edEmail\cf1\b0 .getText().toString();\line                 String password=\cf5\b edPassword\cf1\b0 .getText().toString();\line                 \cf5\b firebaseAuth\cf1\b0 = FirebaseAuth.\i getInstance\i0 ();\line\line                 \cf4\b if\cf1\b0 (email.isEmpty())\{\line                     \cf5\b edEmail\cf1\b0 .setError(\cf3\b "please enter your email ,please ."\cf1\b0 )  ;\line                     \cf5\b edEmail\cf1\b0 .requestFocus()   ;\line                 \}\line                 \cf4\b else if\cf1\b0 (password.isEmpty())\{\line                     \cf5\b edPassword\cf1\b0 .setError(\cf3\b "please enter your password ,please ."\cf1\b0 )  ;\line                     \cf5\b edPassword\cf1\b0 .requestFocus()   ;\line                 \}\line                 \cf4\b else if\cf1\b0 (!email.isEmpty() && !password.isEmpty())\{\line                     \cf5\b firebaseAuth\cf1\b0 .createUserWithEmailAndPassword(email,password).addOnCompleteListener(\cf4\b new \cf1\b0 OnCompleteListener<AuthResult>() \{\line                         \cf6 @Override\line                         \cf4\b public void \cf1\b0 onComplete(\cf6 @NonNull \cf1 Task<AuthResult> task) \{\line                             \cf4\b if\cf1\b0 (!task.isSuccessful()) \{\line                                 Toast.\i makeText\i0 (MainActivity.\cf4\b this\cf1\b0 ,\cf3\b "Signup Failed"\cf1\b0 ,Toast.\cf5\b\i LENGTH_SHORT\cf1\b0\i0 ).show();\line                             \}\line                             \cf4\b else\cf1\b0\{\line                                 Toast.\i makeText\i0 (MainActivity.\cf4\b this\cf1\b0 ,\cf3\b "Signup successfull"\cf1\b0 ,Toast.\cf5\b\i LENGTH_SHORT\cf1\b0\i0 ).show();\line                                 startActivity(\cf4\b new \cf1\b0 Intent(MainActivity.\cf4\b this\cf1\b0 ,Login.\cf4\b class\cf1\b0 ));\line                             \}\line                         \}\line                     \});\line                 \}\line\line             \}\line         \});\line\line     \}\line\}\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\f0\fs22\par
}
 